Changed plone instances to zope instances (#1836)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/upgrading/intro.md

A *migration* is the process of taking a component in your Plone site, and moving it from its current version to a newer one.
Migration is necessary because the internals of Plone sometimes change to support new functionality.

> When that's the case, the content that is stored in your Zope instance may not align with the requirements of the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When that's the case, the content that is stored in your Plone site may not align with the requirements of the new version.
```
